Angharad Juerissen: An Aes Sedai of the Gray Ajah who was Sierin Vayu’s Keeper of the Chronicles.

Cairlyn Nesolle: An Aes Sedai of the Yellow Ajah and the loyalist contingent, with a strength level of 22(10).

Caren Endelle: An Aes Sedai of the Red Ajah and the loyalist contingent, with a strength level of 37(25).

Cathal Devore: A Ghealdanin Aes Sedai of the Brown Ajah and the rebel contingent, with a strength level of 17(5).

Elaiva Walfor: An Andoran Aes Sedai of the Gray Ajah. She was captured at Dumai’s Wells and treated as da’tsang by the Aiel.

Ester Stepashin: An Illianer Aes Sedai of the Green Ajah and the rebel contingent, with a strength level of 16(4).

Haesel Lusara: A Murandian Aes Sedai of the Brown Ajah and the rebel contingent, with a strength level of 16(4).

Mikio Vadere: A Kandori Aes Sedai of the Green Ajah and rebel contingent. 5'5" tall and plump, with black hair and dark brown eyes.

Mirlene Cornwell: An Andoran Aes Sedai of the Green Ajah and the loyalist contingent. She was part of the expedition to kidnap Rand.

Nubei Peldovni: An Arafellin Aes Sedai of the White Ajah and the loyalist contingent. Part of the expedition to kidnap Rand.

Razina Hazzan: A Saldaean Aes Sedai of the Brown Ajah and the loyalist contingent, with a strength level of 28(16).

Sanaiye Asaheen: A Domani Aes Sedai of the Green Ajah and the loyalist contingent. Part of the group that kidnapped Rand.

Shahal Comanli: A Domani Aes Sedai of the Gray Ajah who was uncommitted to either contingent.

Silvane Redfor: An Andoran Aes Sedai of the Green Ajah, uncommitted to any contingent, with a strength level of 33(21).

Teire Alentaine: An Aes Sedai of the Gray Ajah and the loyalist contingent.

Valene Sural: An Aes Sedai of the Red Ajah and loyalist. She was part of the expedition to kidnap Rand.

Wyndera Ovan: An Aes Sedai of the White Ajah and the loyalist contingent. She was part of the expedition to kidnap Rand.

Doilaine Barmellin: A Cairhienin nobleman. He was about 5'8" tall and slender, languid and quite foppish in his manners.

Lord Daganred: A Cairhienin nobleman. He was about 5'7" tall, a quiet man with an air of sadness.

Jorille Mondevin: The Royal Historian to the Court of Ethenielle of Kandor; she wrote the introduction to “The Strike at Shayol Ghul.”

Argirin Darelos den Turamon: An Illianer nobleman who was a member of the Council of Nine.

Ballin Elamri den Rendalle: An Illianer nobleman who was a member of the Council of Nine.

Eliris Mancuri den Rhomin: An Illianer nobleman who was a member of the Council of Nine.

Jelande: An Aiel who was Far Dareis Mai. She accompanied Perrin to Ghealdan. She had gray eyes and dark brown hair.

Dolera Mantear: A queen of Andor who ascended to the Lion Throne in 944 NE. She is Mordrellen’s mother.

Bukava: Father of Hartha, an Ogier and a Seanchan Gardener.

Arimon Darengil: Selande’s brother, who was part of the Illian invasion army. He was a stocky young man.

Istaban Novares: One of the founders of Tear.

Yseidre Tirado: One of the founders of Tear.

Cein: The wife of Thom Merrilin’s nephew, Owyn.

Eadwin Deosin: A Murandian man who was on Moiraine’s list as the father of a possible Dragon Reborn. His wife was Saera.

Saera Deosin: A Murandian woman who was on Moiraine’s list as a possible mother of the Dragon Reborn.

Azzara din Karak: A Sea Folk Windfinder with a strength level of 18(6).

Faeral din Rao: A Sea Folk Windfinder with a strength level of 19(7). She accompanied Renaile to the Tarasin Palace.

Morena: An Aiel woman who served as Wise One for Erim of the Chareen Aiel.

Narendhra: A Wise One of the Shaido Aiel. One of Sevanna’s inner circle of plotters.

Nosinda: A Wise One of the Shaido Aiel. One of Sevanna’s inner circle of plotters.

Seralin: A Wise One of the Shaido Aiel. One of Sevanna’s inner circle of plotters.